📌Project Title: Static Website Hosting on AWS S3

📌Description:KIt seems like you meant to refer to **AWS S3** (Simple Storage Service) for hosting a static website. Hosting a static website on AWS S3 is a cost-effective and straightforward solution. Below are the detailed steps to set up your static website using AWS S3.

📌Step 1: Set Up an AWS Account
✅ Sign Up: If you don’t have an AWS account, go to [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) and sign up.
✅ Free Tier: AWS S3 is part of the Free Tier, which allows you to store up to 5 GB of data for free.

📌Step 2: Create an S3 Bucket
✅Go to S3 Dashboard: Log in to your AWS Management Console and navigate to the S3 service.
✅Create a Bucket:
   🔹 Click on "Create bucket."
   🔹Bucket Name: Enter a unique name for your bucket (e.g., `my-static-website`).
   🔹Region: Choose the AWS region where you want to create the bucket.
   🔹Block Public Access Settings: Uncheck "Block all public access" to allow public access to your website. Confirm that you understand the risks.
   🔹Click "Create bucket."

📌Step 3: Upload Your Website Files
✅Open Your Bucket: Click on the bucket you just created.
✅Upload Files:
    🔹Click on the "Upload" button.
    🔹Drag and drop your static website files (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, images, etc.) or use the file picker to select them.
    🔹Click "Upload."

📌Step 4: Configure Bucket for Static Website Hosting
✅Enable Static Website Hosting:
    🔹Go to the "Properties" tab of your bucket.
    🔹Scroll down to the "Static website hosting" section.
    🔹Select "Use this bucket to host a website."
    🔹Index Document: Enter `index.html` (or your main HTML file).
    🔹Error Document: Optionally, enter `error.html` (or your error page).
    🔹Click "Save changes."

📌Step 5: Set Bucket Policy for Public Access
✅Set Permissions:
   🔹Go to the "Permissions" tab of your bucket.
   🔹Click on "Bucket Policy."
   🔹Add the following policy to allow public access to your files (replace `your-bucket-name` with your actual bucket name):
     ```json
     {
       "Version": "2012-10-17",
       "Statement": [
         {
           "Sid": "PublicReadGetObject",
           "Effect": "Allow",
           "Principal": "*",
           "Action": "s3:GetObject",
           "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::your-bucket-name/*"
         }
       ]
     }
     ```
   🔹Click "Save."

📌Step 6: Access Your Static Website
✅Get the Website URL:
   🔹Go back to the "Properties" tab.
   🔹In the "Static website hosting" section, you will see the "Endpoint" URL. This is the URL of your static website.
✅Open a Web Browser: Enter the endpoint URL in your browser to view your static website.

📌Step 7: (Optional) Set Up a Custom Domain
✅Register a Domain: You can register a domain through AWS Route 53 or any other domain registrar.
✅Point Domain to S3:
   🔹If using Route 53, create a new hosted zone for your domain.
   🔹Create an alias record that points to your S3 bucket endpoint.
   🔹If using another registrar, update the DNS settings to point to the S3 bucket.

📌Step 8: (Optional) Enable HTTPS
✅Use Amazon CloudFront: To enable HTTPS for your S3-hosted website, you can set up Amazon CloudFront (a CDN service).
   🔹Create a CloudFront distribution and set your S3 bucket as the origin.
   🔹Enable SSL and configure your custom domain if needed.

📌Additional Considerations
✅Cost Management: Monitor your usage to avoid unexpected charges. S3 charges are based on storage, requests, and data transfer.
✅Backup: Regularly back up your website files.
✅Versioning: Consider enabling versioning in your S3 bucket to keep track of changes to your files.

📌Conclusion
✅You now have a static website hosted on AWS S3! This setup is ideal for personal projects, portfolios, or small business websites. If you have any specific questions or need further assistance, feel free to ask!